[Documentation] Remove the words `easily` and `simply` (#1041)
mongodb/mongo-php-library: docs/tutorial/tailable-cursor.txt

   Calling ``$cursor->next()`` after the ``while`` loop naturally ends would
   throw an exception, since all results on the cursor have been exhausted.

> The purpose of this example is to demonstrate the functional equivalencebetween

Author: ```suggestion
The purpose of this example is to demonstrate the functional equivalence between
```
